 </p>
Chapter 2 - Elysia </p>I was standing in the middle of a room and there is a child sleeping but above him I can see various colours and shapes swirling, the child smile as if he can see the colours but his eyes remain closed, suddenly something in the room moves, it tall and skin the colour of moon ash, its eyes where pure blue, like the colour of flames. The creature leaned closer and gently licked the child's forehead with its long black tongue . The temperature of the room suddenly went down and the child awoke to see the creature in his room. The child screamed in fear, the demon watched him for a few minutes and disappeared through the window. I could hear the child's heart pounding in fear and unable to watch any longer when I woke up. What kind of nightmare was that? I longed to go back to sleep, but I was too afraid to dream again.</p>The next morning, I went down to breakfast to find a note saying that mom had left for work and she will be back in the afternoon with groceries and other stuff we need.  I decided to decorate the garden. The owners of the house had come previously to remove all the debris left but the garden was overgrown and I just knew it would take my whole day. After getting a rake, I started cleaning the leaves that had fallen from the surrounding trees. Piles of orange, red and brown collected in the garden. I was working when she heard a crow of a crow. It stood on a branch in a nearby pine tree and watched me with its beady eyes. A sudden freezing wind brushed past me sending shivers crawling down my spine. Goosebumps rippled over my skin, I felt like someone was watching me, all I knew was, my instincts were screaming to get inside fast. I was just about to open the door when a growl behind me made me pause, chills crawled over my spine, and my heartbeat pounded in my ears. Just like that I knew something or someone was behind me, a low growl rippled behind me and without thinking twice I yanked open the door and closed it just in time for the creature to hit it. I did not have to think twice, this place was already going downhill.</p>The rest of the day I decided to remain inside for safety, I did not call mom because I did not want her to get worried and move out again. Instead I decided to search for a way to open the door to the library. After collecting a bag of tools from the seller  I spent more than an hour opening the door but it did not work. But I was not giving up till I opened that freaking door.  </p>The next day after asking mom if she had seen any extra keys, she said that she hadn’t. But we decided to clean the garden together, which was fine with me because I did not want to be alone after what had happened previously. Mom seemed to feel that something was up with me, but all she did was make some hot chocolate and as if I wanted some help in the garden.  I felt happy, having some time together was what I needed now. </p>We worked together silently for around over an hour, the overgrown bushes were cut down neatly and the garden was filled with holes. “There were some potter plants in the shed, could you bring them darling?” her mom asked gently. I nodded and left towards the tool shed, when I felt the same feeling as before, without even looking I knew what was behind me, it was the creature from before. I knew it was a bad idea to make sudden movements so I froze and watched it.  It was the creature I saw in my dream, with tall and skin the colour of moon ash, its eyes were pure blue, like the colour of flames watching me with a predatory glint in its eyes. Whatever it was doing I knew it had come in search of me, had it known that I saw what it had done to the child?  I did not know but what I did know was that I had to get my mom inside before something bad happened. “Mom!” I called her, backing away from the creature who did not do anything except watched me from a distance.  “Are you alright Elysia?” I did not think twice, I ran up to her and grabbed her hand and pushed her towards our home. I did not breathe until we were safely inside, my mom was looking confused at me, “I’ m okay, I just thought I saw something” I smiled reassuringly at her. But I kept imagining the creature there and felt its beady eyes on me.  But my biggest question is why is it following me?</p>That night I was dreaming again, I was in a different place now, it was a small room. I immediately knew it wasn't the bedroom of someone I'm visiting. This was somewhere else, I was hearing so many different voices and sounds all at once I could not concentrate. The voices came through the closed door, that’s when I realised  that I was hearing whispers in the other room. How did my ears become so sensitive all at once? Was that even possible? But before I could figure out what was going on, I was inside the room, there were three people's heads bent over a table, it looked as if they were discussing something. There were two boys and one girl, she had blonde hair and a perfect body. The boys were both muscular and highly built like warriors.  And they definitely had weapons with them. The whole room was filled with weapons, suddenly the boy with ebony hair stiffened and turned around. I was shocked to the core. I have seen plenty of hot guys before but they never appealed like this man in front of me  who just took my breath away.  My heart was pounding and cheeks were on fire, for the first time in my life I felt this strange feeling. It's as if I  have met him before but I have, if I have met him before I would have remembered him but all I knew was that a little voice in my head which was never wrong when it came to a critical problem was screaming that this gorgeous young man in front of me was mine and no one else's.  I felt safe all  I wanted to do was run into his arms and never let go.  But before I could do anything stupid as to actually run towards them.  The room began to disappear and a few seconds after I was back in my room.  The rest of the night, I fell blissfully asleep.</p>I woke up to see sunlight penetrating through the curtains. And my alarm went off, that’s when reality caught up. “Oh no, I'm gonna be late!”I rushed to wash up and took out a pair of black jeans and a light purple blouse with boots and applied some lip gloss. Took out my bag which I had packed the previous day and rushed down stairs.</p>Mom was in the kitchen, “morning baby!” she actually looked happy, I smiled, kissing her on her cheek, “gotta go, I'm already late, love you!” I flung outside without thinking twice and I started running to school.  It wasn’t that far around one kilometre from my home. </p>

Chapter 3 - Adrien</p>After the meeting with my friends last night, I knew I had to be more vigilant with our background. But I could not forget what happened either. We had been having our usual meeting on the current situation between the realms and then I felt it. </p>There was someone in the shadows watching us. I had looked up to see if the others noticed anything but that was a big fat no. but when I turned I froze, there was a girl crouched down hidden in the shadows yet so clear to me. Her black hair was tumbling down her shoulders and her skin was pale like ours, somehow I knew that beauty was not gifted to a human . I looked up to focus on her face, my body heated to the core and suddenly I was caught in the  darkest eyes I have ever seen. Their colour was almost as black but then they changed to purple then red. Then shimmered in gold. Suddenly my body warmed, I felt my friends stiffen by my side where we were going through the maps of this town for tracks. “Adrien?” Kaiden's voice broke me from my trance. I turned to meet the questioning stares of my two best friends and siblings, Kaiden and his mate were looking at me with questioning eyes, “were you listening to what we were saying?” Eva asked worried, she was like a sister to me, annoying and protective. </p>Ever since our father adopted the three of us after his own daughter had disappeared because of a moon seeker attack.  Moon Seekers were creatures from the shadow realm, they were nightmare demons who hunted mortals by shadow travelling and as dream walkers, we were trained warriors to fight these creatures. Lately there have been many of them, while my powers were to destroy dreams or nightmares I had the ability to fight them.  My friends were dream creators, they can heal humans and warriors who get hurt by Moon Seekers. We were making a new plan to hunt these creatures.  But whoever was watching us, my body, heart and soul only had one word echoing through them right now ; “mate”, we were creatures born with half a soul and immortal and we waited our whole lives to meet that special person who would be our perfect match, if we don’t meet them, or by any chance one of us dies they take the other with them. Usually you meet your soulmate when you are around seventeen, but my birthday passed a long time ago and I had not met her yet.  This girl who was spying on us from the shadows was no doubt my one and only soul mate.  I wanted to talk to her, but when I looked at the shadows again there was no one there.  A gasp escaped my mouth, my eyes looked back to meet two pairs of purple eyes, “are you okay, bro ?” Kaiden looked up worried. I shook my head, and went up to the place where my mate was sitting. There was nobody, there wasn’t even a place where anyone could enter without them knowing, and I did not know how she disappeared all of a sudden.  “I am not ready to go home yet, tell dad I’ll be back soon.” I noticed my friends looking worried, I sighed and got out.  “Where is she? How did she get out so fast?” I summoned my magic as a nightmare destroyer, my eyes glowed in red, and power buzzed through me. Now that I shifted, everything around me was clear, the sun was rising now, light breaking through the forest. I did not understand that there wasn’t a soul at sight, but I did see my mate who was nowhere to be seen.</p>When I went home, everyone was waiting for me to start our dinner. Our adopted father, Lucien, was home from work. Eva had cooked dinner as usual, it was good but it was unappetizing. My mind kept going back to my mate. I have lived most of my life in Virginia, and I would have known if my mate was here, so that means  whoever was watching us in our secret cabin was new to our small town. But there was no lead, I could search the whole town but still not find her. “Are you alright son?”, my father asked, and he looked worried, his forehead wrinkling and dark purple eyes intensifying. Staring at his face it reminded me of my mate, there was a resemblance between them, but I could not quite put my finger on it. I sighed and shook my head, but in the corner of my eye I noticed both of my siblings exchanging a look between themselves. There were going to be questions later, I just knew they were on my way.</p>After dinner had passed silently, I went to my room unable to concentrate on anything else. I laid down on my bed and closed my eyes. A few minutes later I fell asleep, soon I was shifted into the crystal realms, this was where we originated from. All around me was light, I immediately knew that I was in a Brule, here I can access all mortal memories and dreams. I shifted through visions trying to figure out a trace of my mate, but nothing. There were no dreams or memories she has visited, does that mean that she has not been active before? I knew for a fact that she can indeed dream of travelling, but if she can travel, why is there no trace of her? But before I could figure out any answers, a gentle shake on my shoulder brought me back to the present world.</p>“Hey, morning, we are going to be late for school!” Eva was grinning down at me like an idiot. I loved my sister but sometimes she could be a pain, so I rubbed my tired eyes and got out of bed. “Be down in five”, I muttered and went to get dressed for school.</p>After breakfast finished, I had a few minutes before the others came down. I sat down next to my father who had his dark hair brushed neatly and lab coat over his suit. He was a great doctor and loved his job. I admired him so much, he was like me dream destroyer, who can prevent moonseeker attacks, but he was lonely after he lost his soulmate and daughter to the moon seeker attack, that's why he decided to adopt us, Eva and Kaiden came from a foster home all the way from california, they already knew they were meant to be together and he adopted me from the hospital he used to work in, soon after the car accident which ended both my parents lives miserably. I would never forget that day, after the hospital had told me that they were going to put me out because there was no one to take me in because they got intimidated by my presence itself. He felt sorry for me, and took me in. It had been  raining when he brought me to his house, he had felt the magic in me and knew that we were alike. I was only ten  and I had asked him why he took me in when no one else did, he smiled and said, “I know how it feels to lose your family, I lost mine”. And when I had told him about the strange things that were happening to me  , he did not freak out but only said, “you are special and mortals don't know or like it. ”  That was the best turning point in my life and I will be forever grateful to him. </p>I took a deep breath and looked at my dad. His looks resembled someone I have met before but that was not what I wanted him to know, “Dad, I saw my mate yesterday.” It was barely over a whisper at first. I wondered if he heard it, but then he turned to face me, his kind eyes filled with happiness. He knew I had been looking for her from the day he told us about our soul mates, but had not even come to a trace of her, even after pacing the specific age we were supposed to find our other half. “Tell me about her, did you talk with her? When do I get to meet her?” He looked very excited, his eyes shimmering. I hated to disappoint him. But I sighed, “no, I think she was dream walking, she was spying on us in the warehouse, before I could talk to her she disappeared. ” my heart filled with pain thinking about my searches that had ended with no trace of her.   But when I told my dad about it I saw a thoughtful look passing through his face. “Dad? What is it?” I wondered if he was okay, he was acting strangely. “What you said was impossible Adiren, only dream creators can walk through dreams and dreams destroyed can move through dreams without a  trace, even if what you were true once, is not possible now. ” his eyes were filled with unbearable pain for a moment. But it was masked with a calm look as soon as both our heightened senses picked up my siblings getting close. Throughout our journey to school, my father’s words echoed through my head, why was it impossible now? I was hundred percent sure that that is exactly what my mate had done. </p>

Chapter 4 - Elysia </p>Running felt awesome, the trees were a blur and everything around me was like it was in slow motion. I could see everything so clearly, I just knew it was another weird thing about me that had somehow appeared after we moved here. I was nervous to go to school, I did not like crowded places, the extreme noise usually gave me migraines.   And I was worried about how I was going to fit in, somehow while I was running my mind drifted off to my dream, reminding me of the pair of  deep crimson eyes that seemed to have the ability to look into my soul.  Which brought back a sense of calmness to my mind, before I knew it I was at the front gates of the school. </p>I took a deep breath, here goes nothing. As soon as I stepped into the school grounds my ears were ringing with endless chatter. sharp  pain aches in my ears, taking a deep breath willing myself to go through the day, I made my way to the  school office. “Hello dear, welcome to Pinecrest Academy, here's your schedule and school map. Good luck on your first day!” their receptionist Mrs. Silva tweeted happily. So far school seemed okay, nothing bad happened if you didn’t cout the million voices my sensitive ears were hearing.  I tied my dark hair into a ponytail which was swishing gently as I walked through the crowded hallway of teenage students on campus. Many people stared at me, no doubt already the rumours about the new student were circling around the school. I could not wait to meet the new ccps who are bound to give me a load of trouble.</p>My first lesson was biology, it went smoothly. I even met a kind girl named Lily, she was quite a chatterbox. With glasses and chocolate brown hair that were tied in two neat plaits she was the perfect nerd friend anyone could ever come across. By morning tea I was fully aware of the school situation. Apparently being new in school was fine as long as you don’t get involved with Jessica, Amilie, and Chloe. And as I suspected they ruled the school. They considered everyone below them except for the weird kids. Who got my attention at once, Lily rambled on about three teens who were extremely rich and gorgeous. According to her they looked like me. “What do you mean?” I was extremely confused. Lily laughed, “you really don’t know how beautiful you are do you? It’s almost as if you are inhuman.” Her words echoed through my head, how did she realise that I did not fit in so soon, and who were these people, were they like me?</p>We sat down, I kept mixing my sweet corn with scrambled eggs which looked unappetizing.  Lily kept on rambling about these mysterious students who I still have not met, but I did pick out some conversations about them. When a cold voice interrupted us, “so, already pulling the new girl down your nerd road Lils?” Lily froze, I could smell her fear radiating from her and predatory stillness coming from behind me. I turned to meet three pairs of blue eyed girls. The middle girl had paler hair than the other two and she looked like the leader of this pack of bullies. No doubt this had to be Jesica, Amelia and Chloe. Jessica waved a manicured hand at me, “hello, Elysia is it? Let's go to the table where pretty girls like you belong.”         They started walking towards their so-called special table, Lily looked so hurt, watching me as if I was already gone with them, I knew how these things ended me always being the victim, knew exactly how Lily felt. I saw many curious glances our way, whispers started, they were shocked when I did not move. That ‘s when Jessica realised that I wasn’t following her. </p>She glared at me, blue eyes blazing with anger, she had not been rejected before. “Come!” she ordered and I did not move. The tension in the room was almost tangible. “No”, I simply whispered, no matter what I was bringing down on myself I would not let another person feel the way I had before.  “You will regret this!” she growled and walked off to her table along with her minions. My ears were ringing with chatter, every person in the room was surprised, including my new friend who gave me a large smile, “thanks, I don’t know what to tell you!” she squeezed my hand.  I smiled back, for the first time in my life I had a friend. The chatter died off as time passed. </p>By lunch time I was feeling sick, I went to the girls room, sweat covered my body and my head throbbed with unbearable pain. I felt compacted and faintish, my ears ached so much,  I had to get out to feel some fresh air. I walked through the back door to the basketball courts of the school. There were a few players playing and cheerleaders watching them. I passed them and soon found myself in a small covered area where no one was at sight. I dropped my bag on the floor and sat down leaning against the wall. It was blissfully silent, I finally got a chance to catch my breath.</p>
Chapter 5 - Adrien</p>School was different today,everyone was excited.  As we approached our sensitive ears picked up the reason for their excitement. There was a new student in our school, a girl. At first we did not care about these mortals, but during the breakfast break Eva brought us news, “hey boys, did you hear about the new girl in school?” we both nodded, Kaiden leaned in to give her a kiss on her cheek. I envied them so much, I just did not care about these mortals, I wanted to search for my mate. Which surprisingly seemed to be a good search because when we arrived in the morning I felt a trail of magic which sparked my aching heart a tiny bit, whoever she was my mate had been in the school grounds.</p>By lunch time I was growing impatient and it was making me edgy. “Adrien?” my brother gave me a gentle punch on my shoulder. The food in our table had gone cold and I had been drifting off again. “I really don’t care about some girl! I want to go find my mate.”</p>My siblings chuckled, “inhumanly beautiful, pale skin,  looks like us. Anything ring a bell in you?” Eva chirped. I immediately knew who these mortals and my sister were talking about, she was here! My heart felt like it would burst with joy. But my brother’s hands stopped me from rushing over, “slow down you don’t have to overwhelm her, even if she did know how to dream travel she might not know about us. If you scare her she might reject you. ” The shock went through my body. He was right. I did not want to lose the most important person in my life because of my eagerness. I waited so long for her and I would wait as long as she wanted me to, because she was it for me. I sighed and sat down, and Eva started her chatter, “apparently she is very brave, she had caused a scene at breakfast ”she went on about how my mate had defended a mortal from getting bullied by the three popular cowards. She was already perfect. I just wanted to meet her, lunch time was almost over. We got up from our seats and walked towards our class, when I felt a cold shiver run down my spine. </p>Elysia </p>I was enjoying the last few minutes of peace before lunch ended when I heard a familiar voice chirp close to me. “Well well well, look who it is, miss goody two shoes, you thought you were so smart didn’t you?” Jessica was seething, her two minions circling me. I really felt weak and exhausted, I wanted to go home.  But then I remembered that it was worth it, because I was defending my first friend ever. I got up on my wobbly feet and smiled sweetly, “can I do something for you?” they growled and I felt a sharp pain on my cheek. Bringing my hand to it if I felt warm liquid oozing out. I wanted to defend myself but couldn't, my vision blurred and tears leaked my eyes. Before I could do anything, Chloe grabbed my bag and threw it on the ground. My things spilled out of it, “who do you think you are to speak to us like that!” Amelie took hold of my hair and hit my head against the hard tar ground. I felt the metallic taste of blood, I did not know how much more pain I could bear when a familiar yet unknown voice interrupted their revenge fest.</p>My left eye was swollen shut, but even with only the vision of my right eye I knew the three people who had come to my defence. So my suspicions were right, these three people were the ones I dreamed about, the one’s like me. “What do you think you are doing?” The girl, Eva Mari, I had checked their names before, along with the two boys, Adrien Sinclair and Kaiden James. Apparently they all lived with their adopted father who was a famous doctor in the small town. The three brats froze, I could easily smell their fear, “it’s none of your business!” Amelie snapped, “get lost, you never cared about anyone in the school and all of a sudden you care about the new girl?” it was very clear how she desperately wanted, Adreins attention, blush coated her cheeks. But I looked up only to get caught in the familiar blazing green eyes that suddenly turned red, my lips parted as my body warmed. Now that he is here I feel safe. “Because she’s our friend, and we don’t like anyone  messing with her.” Kaiden stepped in front of Eva as if she was protecting her, I just knew it then, they too had the bond, they were mates as my mother had described. And he was not going to let anyone hurt Eva . The temperature suddenly dropped, a shiver ran down my spine and my heart was pounding with fear. Even the girls seemed to freeze, “get out of here while you still can.” Adrien growled coming towards me, even though I felt safe as his presence came closer, I could not move. My arms and legs were bruised and blood oozed out of them. My lip was cut and I could feel blood trickling down my forehead. A small smile formed in my lips as  I watched the three girls running towards their class as fast as their high heels could carry them.</p>My saviours turned to me, grinning at me like we were old friends. But before I could thank them, all the pain I was holding came rushing back to me. My legs buckled and my whole body felt heavy. My head was on fire and my vision blurred. I was aware of Eva 's shout of panic and Adrien rushing to me, just before I was dragged into blissful darkness. </p>
Chapter 6  - Adrien</p>I heard my sister’s shout as my mate collapsed on the ground,  I could feel the intense pain she was in. I was extremely furious, how could these mortals hurt my precious beautiful, brave mate. She had suffered for her mortal friend who was currently unaware of the pain she was going through. There were bruises in her arms and legs and  they weren’t healing, “something is wrong, she should be healing.” Kaiden crouched down and touched the back of her head, “she knocked her forehead and the back of her head pretty bad, she’s bleeding. '' She looked so fragile lying there with her eyes closed, it was scaring me. I cradled her in my arms, she fitted perfectly in them, her blood smelled like ice cream, that was interesting because my favourite food was chocolate ice cream. “Let’s go home!”Eva ran and a few minutes later she had all our stuff. We did not waste time, not with my mates life on the line. Shifting we ran in inhuman speed, soon we were home. Our father who Kaiden had called on the way was already waiting for us. </p>I saw the shock in his eyes when he took in the sight of my injured mate and his daughter who he thought was dead long ago. Without saying one word he started to treat her wounds. bandaging them and stitching and cleaning her cuts. After they were treated, he sighed that she had still not regained consciousness, “Eva  , let's take her to your room, it might take a while for her to wake up.”  I gently lifted her and carried her upstairs to my sister's room. There lying down on the bed she looked as if she was asleep but I was anxious to see her beautiful dark eyes again.</p>“Why isn’t she healing?” Eva  questioned our father as he shook his head worriedly, “give her time, her body is still used to being human, she will take time to shift into her immortal form permanently.” he packed his medical equipment, “I have to return to the hospital. You kids take the rest of the day off, I'll inform headmistress Silva.”  and our dad left back to the hospital.</p>A minute later Eva  brought a pair of clothes, “Alright boys, out!” My brother and I looked offended for a minute. She grew impatient, “she might be your soul mate but that gives no right when she is unconscious, so get out.” I blushed, I would have never treated her like that, “don’t even joke about it” I muttered and left the room, closing the door behind me. But I did not leave, I leaned my head against the closed door and waited, it felt like forever when she finally opened the door. And gave me a knowing smile and left.</p>I  went inside the room and sat down, she was so still which unsettles me. Finally  , I took a deep breath and watched her rest. Her dark hair was still plaited into a french plait but pieces were coming loose now. Her pale face was getting some colour, I could hear the steady rhythm of her heart beat.  The sun was setting, making the evening sky fill with a range of light colours, this is usually when we would leave to our warehouse to get prepared to hunt the moon seekers who would be visiting the mortal realm as soon as it got dark.  But we had decided to stay in and look after my mate.</p>Eva </p>Our daddy was definitely  hiding something, yes we had not known that his own daughter who we all thought was dead was now resting in my room. But why would a moonseeker attack her? This was very strange just as what she did previously, a dream walker can only travel through the dream brule and a dream destroyer could only defend herself and remove traces of her dream walk but if her father was a dream destroyer how on earth would she do both? We had fated mates, it was impossible to be fated with someone opposite to us or was it? All dream creators and destroyers had marks of their magic. Kaid and I both had dream walker marks in our spine. It was a carved mark of a crescent moon with small patterns surrounding it and  Adrien had a dream destroyer mark like our father. It was a mark of a sword that wings from either side. I knew I should go see what her marks were, but Adrien was still in the room with his mate. If I checked her mark he would think that I don't like her and would be upset. The last thing I wanted to do was make my brother upset, so I knew I had to investigate it alone and not trust her until I figured out what was going on.</p>I quietly crept  upstairs, the house was pin drop silent. Adrien was still in the girl’s room and Kaid, hmm I wondered where my mysterious mate disappeared to but never mind I did not have to drag him into this. Alone research was easier. The hallway was quieter than usual, the yellow glow of the lamps lit the pathway,  I almost felt as if the shadows were moving. A shiver crawled down my spine, and goose bumps ripped through my arms. I felt extremely guilty, “I am sorry” I whispered hoping my little brother would understand why I don't trust his mate yet. </p>The library was quiet, and no one was at sight. I let out a deep breath of relief and walked between the shelves. The library was divided into different sections including a section for magic related books, usually we weren’t allowed to enter that area without permission from our father. But he wasn’t willingly giving information, so I was going to hunt for it. I knew how mad Kaiden is going to be when he finds out I put myself in danger like this but he couldn’t always be overbearingly protective.</p>I walked between the colossal rows of books. As I came to the forbidden area I felt as if someone was watching me. I took a deep breath and started going through the books. Dust covered the selves because of years of misuse, these books were the oldest. I decided to start from here because I have gone through the other books before and have never come across someone like my brother's mate. If she was indeed dangerous I have to keep him away from her, even if it meant breaking his heart. There was one problem: if soul mates were separated they would get cut out from the out world, everything about them would change and they would be in immense pain. Did I want to do that to this child who knew nothing about us, or my brother who already seemed to be attached to her? No, I did not want to do that at all. </p>We all knew the existence of the shadow realms, this is where the nightmare demons also known as moon seekers were tall and  had skin the colour of moon ash, their eyes were pure blue, like the colour of flames and they feasted on mortal fear. They too had powers to create allusions, which were terrifying visions they showed mortals and when they were scared they consumed their fear. Lately these moonseeker attacks became more frequent, I was wondering if they increased after the arrival of the girl. Were they connected? I wished I got my answers soon.</p>
Chapter 7 - Eva</p>I was reading one of the books when my hand knocked on the shelf and a book fell down. I had a dark cover with a moonstone carved in the middle of it. And the minute I opened the book I instantly began to regret my earlier wish to get answers. But the vision was clearly stated in the book. </p>When the dark times come, and shadows get ready for war. And the Dark lord arise to destroy both realms and magic, There will come a warrior of mixed blood Who will lead the battalion to  victory. But the journey will be hard for darkness will intervene, Knowing of her existence will work to be her bane. It was very clear who it was talking about, and that means she was not a danger to any of us. I felt happiness filling me, she did feel like an old friend, that's when I started to realise that I was already trusting her. I took the piece of paper and left the library, I had to tell everyone. I came out of the library unnoticed by our librarian Ms Martha who would give me an earful if she caught me going to the forbidden area of the library. While I was going through the hallway I noticed our front doors open, and my fathers Benze was parked in the garage. That was strange because it was unusually quiet. I came to the girl’s room and I realised why it was so quiet.</p></p>Elysia</p> I woke up with my head throbbing, but the other pains did not hurt that much. I was aware of my surroundings, how did my bedroom change so much? I never got to say thank you to Adrien and his siblings for saving me. </p>The room I was in had white walls, and my blurry vision could see a few people around me. My mind immediately jumped to the worst conclusion. After saving me what had happened? Did they leave me there and someone found me? No, I don't think they were people who would do something like that. I touched my clothes and realised someone had changed me. Did the girls manage to do something nasty? </p>I was starting to panic when my vision finally cleared. The first person I saw was Adrien, he looked extremely worried. His emerald eyes were burning into mine, “hey, how are you feeling?” His voice was warm and it made me relax instantly. His brother and sister were here with someone else who I did not pay attention to.  “Thanks”, I whispered. He gave me a soft smile, “I am glad you are okay, your wounds did not heal fast enough, we started to worry. But our dad said, "It's because you still haven't shifted yet.” He nodded towards the man sitting next to him.  I looked up only to freeze, because the person in front of me was the man who was supposed to be dead. The person who left my mom broken and hurt, the reason she always cried to sleep and had nightmares. The person who I longed for once but grew hatred towards. Then the words  echoed in me, “our dad”. White hot range filled me and my eyes started to fill with warmth, I did not care. After everything happened I was not going to stand down. This man infront of me, left me and mom to suffer and had a good little family of his own?  I wanted to scream at him, but only managed to blurt out, “you are dead!” Everyone  in the room froze, I did not care what they were feeling right now. This was my chance to escape and I took it. I ran past them, pushing Eve out, but I think she noticed the tears streaming down my face so I growled, “do not follow me!” I tumbled down the stairs and nearly twisted my ankle. I ran all the way home. </p>I felt my speed increase inhumanly, that was good because no one could catch me now. For the first time I was happy with my strangeness, all the gratitude I felt towards them has melted off now. I felt horrible. All I wanted to do was see my mom.</p>I reached home soon, there was not a soul at sight. I picked up the land line because I did not know where my phone was.  I dialled my moms office number. My hands were shaking and my knees felt weak. In what felt like ages she finally answered the phone, “Baby?” her soft voice made my heart break all over again, “mom!” but I could not get beyond that. I started to cry. Hot streams of furious tears rolled down my face, my body started shaking, “oh sweetheart what happened? I’ll be home soon, okay? Just hold on.”</p>I sank down on my bead, now that I have started to cry I cannot stop. somehow I fell asleep like that. Some time later I heard a car park in the garden, I wiped my tear streaked face and ran to meet my mother. My mom was beautiful as usual, but there was worry in her face. When her eyes met me I threw my arms around her, tears wetting her clothes where I pressed my face into her shoulder. She gently took me inside and held me close whispering nonsense and rubbing comforting circles on my back. Finally once I settled down, I decided to tell her about what happened, but I was interrupted by a growling sound behind the closed door. I felt mom stiffen, and just like that I knew what was waiting for us behind it.  “Mom, we have to get out!” I pulled her upstairs. I wasn't even sure what I was doing but she nodded and we ran. Before I knew it the door broke open and we were chased by the creature who had been watching me, its long claws shredding everything apart. My heart was pounding against my chest, I had to save my mom. We ran upstairs and unknowingly we ended up in the room that I couldn't open. “Hurry!” Mom's panicked voice came behind me. </p>I hear a tearing noise only to see the creature biting into mom’s arm. “Mom!” I pulled one of the lamps from the wall with my inhuman strength and hit the creature on its head. “I am okay, try to keep it busy.” she was fading, but she quickly picked the lock and opened the door. </p>The door opened but it wasn’t a room that greeted her, it was a light. Then a voice spoke in my head, “you are afraid sweet girl, I will take you where your heart feels the safest.” Was this magic? I did not really care as long as I got my mom to safety., grabbing hold of my mom we were whisked away to a room before the creature could hurt us . A room that was filled with books,  a library. And there were a few people discussing something among them. I heard a familiar voice that brought a sense of comfort and safety. And it confirmed where I was, “Adrien?” I whispered, to meet his beautiful emerald eyes. </p>
Chapter 8 - Adrien</p>It hurt to watch my mate leave filled with anger and pain. I wanted to comfort her, and tell her that I am sorry. But Eva  stopped me, “let her go, we need to talk.” She took us to our library, where she brought a book from the forbidden area. But unlike normally our dad did not protest or look disappointed, instead he looked tired and scared. </p>Everyone sat down, my sister sat close to Kaiden who put his arms around her. Then she told us about what she had found out, “you see, we need her, without her we will never be able to defeat the dark lord.” She explained the future vision and how my mate was essential to save our realm . Now everything fell into place, why they were nearly killed, and how the moon seekers were searching for them and why dad had to leave him. Eve also apologised for not trusting my mate, “I am really sorry, Adrien, I didn't mean it,” she whispered. I gave her a soft smile and gave her and my brother a tight hug, “it’s okay, I know you mean the best.” Everyone fell into a comfortable silence processing everything we learnt about, “so what happens next ?” Kaiden asked. And as if to reply to his question, a portal appeared in the corner of the room. Eva gasped, “ a  portal? ”, because usually there were wards around us which allowed us to enter. A familiar scent of ice cream filled the air, “Adrien?” a soft voice whispered in pain, a voice that belonged to a person who I thought I would never see again.</p>My mate came out of the portal, dragging another figure with her, an older woman. I knew who she was immediately, it was her mother and by looks of it both of them were injured badly. We rushed over to them, her mother had lost consciousness, dad crouched down inspecting her pulse. “Please, help her. I can’t lose her, I would do anything for you.”My mate whispered, she too was hurt, but her mother seemed to be her priority. I could smell her blood and see the gashes and claw marks that had marked her body. Dad cradled the woman in his arms and took her to the guest room. We followed them, Kaiden getting the medical kit on the way. After giving the medical kit, Eva  gently took my mate's hand. “Come let’s check your wounds, she will be fine, okay?” We went to my room, where my mate sat down on the bed. My sister cleaned and treated her wounds all while my mate held my hand. I was glad she trusted us enough to come to us when she was in danger. “What happened?” Kaiden asked, looking at her wounds. She sighed, “I went home and was talking to my mom about how my father was not dead, then this pale tall creature who has been checking on me the past few days suddenly broke open the front door and attacked us. I did not know what to do, my mom tried to stop it and she got hurt. I had to get her away and then this door which had been locked all this time in our house opened and brought me here… ” she finished off looking away from me and at the wound, which Eva  had finished treating. “You survived a moon seeker attack?” Kaiden asked, shocked. I too was surprised to hear it, because even trained warriors have trouble fighting them off. She just shrugged as if it was okay, but she leaned into me more heavily and her eyes were closing. “Come, you are absolutely exhausted, why don’t you rest, they can’t get in here, and Adrein will be here, he’s your soulmate, he will keep you safe.” My sister helped my mate to get changed and took her to bed with a small smile. The minute her head rested on the pillow she was  fast asleep. She looked so peaceful, I have never seen anyone so beautiful in my life. I looked up to see my siblings smiling at me, “what?” I blurted. “I am glad she is finally here, we will figure something out together.” Eva  squeezed my hand and got up with Kaiden who ruffled my hair as if I was still his annoying little brother and they both left the room. </p>I got up from the bed and pulled the sheet tighter around her and left the room. She would wake up and we would have to finally talk. I was concerned that I still did not know her name, I wanted to ask dad but I felt that she would like it if I asked her. </p>Elysia </p> I finally woke up, and everything that happened before came rushing back  to me. There was no one in my room, but my sensitive ears could pick up voices from below. I got out of bed and pulled my hair into a ponytail and taking a deep breath I opened the door. I could hear soft voices coming across the hallway, Adrien immediately lifted his head up sensing my presence. His deep green eyes met mine forming a small worried smile. “Hi! ” Eve whispered as if she did not want to scare me. I nodded, “my mom?”, ignoring everyone else in the room, looking for her. “She is resting,” Eve replied, “would you want to know what's going on?” she nodded towards her father. I sighed, then nodded sitting down on the couch next to Adrien who gave me a soft smile. </p>“So you are clearly aware that you are Adrien’s soulmate right?” My father asked, I nodded, “okay, you should also know that you are special,unlike normal dream walkers you are not a normal dream creator or dream destructor. You are both, and the only one like that so you must train twice as hard to save your life and destroy the moon seekers”. “What is a moon seeker?” I questioned. Jessica smiled, “a moon seeker is a nightmare demon that feeds on people's fear.” Now I understood what I had seen the first day I dream walked.  “So we have to stop them?” I asked, my father nodded, “and we have to stop the dark lord from rising, and we only have a few months left.”  What?We were supposed to go out for war when I didn't even know how to throw a punch? Were they all having a death wish. “What have I got myself into?” I thought to myself, but looking at them with their hopeful faces, I  could not let them down. </p>“Okay! Why don’t you all get some rest? I know an old warrior friend of mine who will help us control our powers better. ” My father got up and left the house. Thinking about that I realised that he was not just my father but my friends as well, sharing him made me a tiny bit jealous and thinking how he replaced me with my friends hurt even more, but there was nothing I could do much about it now. All I had to do was get this thing done and me and mom would be free, no more strange things. We can live like a normal human family again. And what would happen to my dad, I really don't care. </p>I said good night to everyone and left for my room. I was exhausted, and I could not put up with any more strange things.  When I came back to my room, I locked the door behind me and went straight to the shower, where I let hot water run down my body letting my tensed muscles relax and I finally started feeling all the pain from the headache that had been brewing inside me . I realised how exhausted I am, I did not trust anyone in this house despite their familiarity and the sense of safety they give.  After the water ran cold, I got out of the shower and got dressed in my shorts and a stretchy t - shirt . Soon I fell asleep under the soft warm sheets.</p>You get the worst nightmares when you sleep after an exhausting day. I was standing in the middle of a field, there were many demons around me that made me tense. I have never seen this many demons in my life, some were huge, with large wings and horns. Their hands ending with sharp claws each as big as a dagger. Others were spirit-like creatures, there were also small goblins like demons as well. Was it normal for this many demons to gather like this? I did not know, but in the middle was a shadowy creature with a giant body, and crimson coloured horns curling on the top of his silver hair that flowed down his spine. But only part of his body was present, it was as if he was being built piece by piece.</p>The demons were chanting and cheering as if doing so is going to bring him back. And that was exactly what was happening, suddenly I heard a pleading voice from behind me, “please! have mercy!”There was a man whose back was bare and flesh was torn open, his arms were blinded to his back and there was a chain around his neck holding the chain was a masked warrior like person, he had a powerful muscular body covered in armour and a large axe on his left hand. As he dragged the pleading man forward the demons moved away cheering and building a path for them to move forward. Some kicked and threw rocks at the human, “master!” the masked man greeted. “I have brought another sacrifice for you, with this another part of your armour will regenerate.” the shadow creature stirred from his resting place, and when the human was thrown in front of him bloodied and pleading he smiled and crouched forward. “Well done, my faithful one, your master is pleased!” he beamed as if he was a father whose child has achieved a great prize. Then he moved forward and grabbed the man by his neck, crushing it with his grip.  And ripping the human apart he ate him as if he was a delicious meal.</p>I could not watch anymore, I woke up gasping for air only to feel two comforting arms wrapped around me. I turned around to meet two emerald eyes watching me in worry .</p>
Chapter 9 - Adrien</p>I was half asleep when I heard soft whimpers and shouts coming from the room next to me. I immediately tensed, was Elysia hurt? Protectiveness immediately took over me. I jumped out of bed and went to her room, the whimpers were loud now. She was twisting and turning. I slowly got into bed and wrapped my arms around her and pulled her to my chest. Finally her breathing came out as a gasp and she woke up from the nightmare she was in. she turned to meet my eyes, “hey” I whispered rubbing her back gently rubbing her back. “Hey, it was just a bad dream,” I said once more to calm her down. She nodded and hugged me tighter and just held me, soon she was fast asleep. </p>Watching her sleep, I was thinking about teaching her about her powers in the morning. That way she can control her dream walking. We have to figure out her powers soon because we did not have much time left. Tomorrow when dad brings the new trainor I hope we will be able to make some progress. But I was thinking about why my sister allowed my mate to stay with us. Was it just because she was essential for our victory in the battle against the dark lord or because she finally trusted Elysia? Thinking about that I soon fell asleep.</p>“Morning!” I whispered, Elysia smiled at me, it was the best feeling ever. Reaching out I brushed her hair away. We got up and I went to my room. After a few minutes I was dressed and ready. I came downstairs to see my family and Elysia’s mother sitting and eating breakfast, “good morning!” I greeted them and sat down piling my plate with bacon, cheese and french toast. Elysia came a minute later and sat down. Soon everyone was eating the ravishing breakfast. </p>Elysia</p>After breakfast our father took us to the arena in the house. It was a colossal stadium situated under the house. Our father said it was heavily guarded because it had many weapons that could be used for harm.</p>“All dream walkers are trained warriors who will fight to protect the mortal and crystal realms, so each of you have a special weapon that was meant to be yours only,” our father explained. That’s when each one of my friends brought out a special weapon of their own. Eva  had a beautiful whip, it was made out of pure silver which was twisted into a long chain, with crystal roses embroidered on its hilt. And Adrien had brought out a crystal white bow and a sheath of arrows. The bow looked like it was made out of marble and I could sense a hint of magic emitting it. When he caught me watching his weapon admiringly he gave me a boyish grin, “jealous, of my weapon princess ? ” I scoffed, " I'll get one soon, You just wait. ”  And I was absolutely shocked when Kaiden brought out a huge axe. It was made out of silver, with a strong hilt, it looked as if it was a ton heavy. I actually took a step back to Adrien, who growled sensing my fear. Kaiden immediately put his weapon down, giving me an apologetic grin.</p>“So everyone will start your usual training and Elysia you will come with me.” Lucien, my father ordered them and nodded me to move forward. We walked through a pathway and came to some sort of museum-like structure which was filled with weapons. “Take your time, choose one” he said and left, a small childish part of me felt miserable, does he hate me so much? Didn’t he care at all about me and mom? I sighed and started wandering around the room. It was filled with all sorts of weapons and shields. From different types of swords, to whips, to more modern weaponry such as guns and bombs. I really hoped they were all disabled and not waiting to blast off.</p>It felt like I was lost in the weapon vault for ages when I felt a surge of power shot out towards me, it was like a hypnotic voice calling me. I walked toward it, every step I took, it became harder to resist. Finally I came to a closed vault, I had this strange urge to smash it open. And that’s exactly what I did, I didn't even realise it was broken until the glass shards cut my hands and silver lifeblood dribbled down my arm. I did not care, it was as if I was numbed to the pain, inside the vault was the most beautiful sword I have ever seen. It was tall enough to reach my chest from the ground, and it was made out of a shiny stone, diamond I realised. It was shimmering in the light, and the hilt was made out of silver with a good grip on it. And there was a beautiful rose engraved on the hilt of it. That’s when I realised that it had a golden glow to it. A wave of courage flared within me, I felt warmth pool in my eyes, I knew my eyes were glowing.</p>Eva </p>It had only been a few minutes since dad left Elysia in the weapon vault and came back to tell us to start our daily sparing. When a sudden golden glow erupted through the weapon vault. That sort of power could only come from the blade of the stars, which only belong to the mediator of war. If anyone else touches that weapon they will be turned into ashes. “Elysia!” Adrien ran into the weaponry  along with the others. I swear that girl is a magnet for trouble.</p>But when dad opened the weaponry doors, we were welcomed by the most unexpected sight. I heard a gasp behind me, everyone was frozen. There stood my brother’s so-called mate with the sword of stars in her hand. “The star shatere?” father ‘s breath hitched. That‘s when reality hit all of us, it was impossible for a normal person to wield the blade of stars, they would turn into dust. Elysia looked at us as if we were all gone insane, and that girl had the strength to smile at us. She ran up to us, “it’s so beautiful, can I please have it?” she whispered as if what was happening was a dream and she was too afraid she might wake up. That’s when my brother came to life, his whole face softened, he reached out to brush a strand of her dark hair aside, “the sword has chosen you, it’s yours now.” She gave him a smile, “thank you”she whispered and tightened the grip around its hilt, it glowed in gold reacting towards her touche. That’s when I noticed the shattered glass and the silver blood dripping down her arms. I walked forward to see the bullet proof glass vault the sword was  kept in, it was so evident that she had smashed the casing  open, but it was more surprising that the vault alarm system had not gone off. Kaiden seemed to be thinking the same thing as our eyes met, his mouth “how?” I shrugged however she got the sword it belonged to her now anyone else who touched it would be turned into ashes.</p>I knew for sure now that this girl, who looked so delicate, was indeed the person who was supposed to save us all and give us a better future. This had even taken off my expectations for her. I nodded towards her, giving a smile “well, let’s start your training.”</p>
Chapter 10 - Lucien </p>Seeing all my children get long was like a dream come true in my life, they were all precious to me, including Elysia. I knew she did not trust me or like me that much at the present moment but, I had left her to keep her safe, I thought she had died. Seeing her now I can’t help wondering if she would ever forgive me? I wanted to give her space and time, to show her that she meant to me more than just a way to save our people. But I knew time would come when she would understand the depth of everything I have done.</p>Yesterday I had to go and find an old acquaintance. He was a warrior who fought beside me during the first war between the Crystal realms and the Shadow Realms. He promised to help me train these young warriors to fight against the Dark Lord. He also told me not to keep hopes. That was stupid because everything I did was because I had hope.</p>I walked through the pathway towards the dark street in which we had arranged to meet my old friend. The street seemed to get darker as I went further into it. There was no phone signal to this area so there was no way of contacting anyone. This was a place where death was expected, “hello, old friend nice of you to remember me! ” The voice so familiar yet unfamiliar seemed to echo through the street. A cold shiver ran down my spine, no I must not show him my fear, “Jacob? Come out,” I called.</p>Something shifted out of the shadows, he wore dark clothes that helped him blend into the shadows. His dirty blonde hair was a mess, “what are you doing here?” he called, his crimson eyes glowed with glee. “I am here to ask for help, come train my children,” I replied watching his reactions. He seemed to be considering it, “what is it for me?” he questioned. I smiled. I knew he would not give up without a bargain and I knew he liked it that I was to the point. “Your freedom, and my protection from the seeker demons.” Seeker demons looked for wandering prisoners of the dark lord and tortured them with visions of their terrible past. “I will think about it.” he nodded then disappeared back into the shadows. </p>I knew that I had struck my deal, while I hoped for the best to come from this situation while not completely trusting Jacob. I would have to keep an eye on him.  I whispered a prayer to whatever god who was watching over us at the present and went home. </p>When I came home, Selena was waiting for me. As soon as she saw me a smile lit up her delicate face . I crossed the few feet separating us and wrapped my arms around her, “everything okay?” she asked. I couldn’t help wondering about what I was getting my family into, but I nodded to reassure her and pecked her forehead. “Let’s go in, the children are waiting to have dinner, we are eating spaghetti with meatballs.”  When I came in to see the children patiently waiting for me to have dinner, I only wished that I could freeze this moment, where all of us were happy and everything would be okay.</p>After dinner I went straight to bed, nervous to start the next day. But I could not sleep, I tossed and turned and finally sleep seemed to come. My eyes dropping heavily, I welcomed the darkness and the peace it brought with it for the small amount of time. Giving a sense of security to us. </p>Adrien</p>After dad  came home from his evening trip to meet his old friend, there was some tension in the room. Even Elysia seemed to notice. But of course she remained quiet as a mouse, always observing everyone around her and tensing whenever anyone, including dad, got close to her mom.  Everyone was gone to bed, the lights were out and the crickets chirped to the night sky. Suddenly my sensitive ears picked out a cry, “please, please don’t hurt me.” I immediately knew who that voice belonged to. I jumped out of bed,  I was wearing a pair of sweatpants and I put on a stretchy grey t- shirt, so I looked decent. I went out to the corridor. No doubt the cry came from my mates room, I knocked not wanting to barge in which would scare her even more, but no reply came in. I opened the door and stopped in my tracks, “incredible”, she was dream walking, but I looked like she was having a vision through it. It would be extremely dangerous if I woke her. I rested my hands on her shoulders, and stepped into her walk.</p>I was shocked, it was no wonder that I could smell her fear, it looked like we were on a battlefield. There were demons around us, they were no doubt getting ready for war, in the middle of all that chaos was my beautiful mate, frozen in fear watching them tear open a mortal. “Elysia” I whispered gently, wrapping my arms around her. She was trembling in fear, “it’s okay, it’s just a dream, it’s not real,come back with me.” she shook her head, “but it’s the future isn't it ?”she asked in a soft voice, almost a whisper. Her terrified eyes met my own calm ones, “yes it is, but we will stop it, okay?” I reassured her and whispered nonsense until she calmed down. “Now, we have to travel back, okay? Otherwise we will be trapped here.” she finally nodded and we travelled back. Waking up in her bed, I held her until she cried out her fear and rocked her until she calmed down. “Come on, let’s sleep, I'll stay with you okay, no matter what, I am here. ”</p>We fell asleep holding each other close, reassuring each other that we were fine. I promised myself that no matter what happened, I would do everything in my power to keep my family and soulmate safe. Closer to four am, I woke up unable to sleep anymore. Kissing Elysia on her head, I went to the arena. I was worked up. I needed to loosen up the tension inside me,that was like a coil that kept on tighterning. I kept punching the bag, until I was dripping in sweat and panting  for my breath.</p>Suddenly the hairs of my rose, I was aware of somebody's silent presence in the room. How I did not notice was not a miracle, I turned around to meet, a pair of dark eyes looking worriedly at me. “hey!”, she squeaked when she realised that I had noticed her presence. I smiled and sat down on the mat laid on the floor and patted the spot next to me. “You woke up? Missed me?” I asked, I knew I was teasing her. It was cute to look at her getting all flustered with embarrassment. “Hey, it’s okay, you are allowed to miss me, as long as I can do the same.” I wrapped my arm around her shoulders, “wanna, get some breakfast?” I asked. She nodded silently, and grabbed my arm to help me up, she was stronger than a normal girl her age.</p>We walked to the kitchen, everyone else was still asleep, “what do you wanna eat?” I questioned playfully flicking her nose with my finger. She shrugged, “anything but pancakes.” I raised an eyebrow, then I made some french toast for her and laid it infront of her, she gave me a sweet smile and immediately started enjoying the meal. It made me smile, a few seconds passed, then she paused and looked at me then cut a piece and pointed it towards me, “eat?” This was new, she wasn’t usually this forward, I smiled happy that we were moving in our relationship. I brush her hair aside, “you look beautiful,” I whispered to her ear. Her pale cheeks flushed with colour.  “Thanks!” she squeezed my hand.</p>A minute later, everyone else came downstairs, “morning!” our parents greeted and we all greeted them back. Honestly my father looked happy. I am glad something good came out no matter what my sister said when the time comes we will face them together. </p>
Chapter 11 - Elysia</p>After breakfast, we dressed in our combat outfits, which were made of flexible leather, with a weapon belt that held all the weapons we wanted. But I noticed that none of my friends were carrying their special weapons. When I looked  at  Adrien questioningly, our dad smiled. “Come with me,” he told us and we went to a room that looked like a tattoo parlour, this is where he gave me my magical mark, it was like a silver dragon curling on my arm. It was shimmering, “now when you need your weapon, call it from your mind,then it will automatically appear. ” he nodded at me to try it out. I looked nervously at them and whispered, “star Shartere”, suddenly with golden flames that covered my tattooed arm, my sword appeared in my hand ready for battle. Kaiden gave me a wolfe grin, seeing my surprise. </p>“Alright let’s get training.” our father went on about the necessity of us remaining in our best physical and mental health. So we had a time table to follow. Running five laps around the arena, then lifting weights, sparring with each other. Then finally magic training. I just knew this was going to be hard. He also said we will be meeting our new teacher soon. Eva  looked excited, and even the boys were ready for a new change but something about this announcement made my skin crawl. </p>We haven't met our trainor yet, but we were going through the schedule. If we missed even once we got an earful from our dad and a disappointed look from mommy. This happened to Kaiden once, the big guy felt bored so he skipped our morning run in favour to get some more hours of sleep. </p>Our parents were waiting patiently for him to come, ready to ambush him. And he did get an earful and extra training appointed. For the rest of the day he was groaning and complaining about how his body hurt. </p>In addition to physical training our dad made us homeschool instead of going to that reached school again. He himself volunteers to teach us, he even builds us a separate classroom for it. At first I did not understand why this was essential but I didn't care much. When I asked Adrien, he smiled and said, “it’s for our protection as well as yours princess. Dad is worried that the dark lord might have spies and try to do something to us." That made me shiver and  also for some reason it brought back my vision about that warrior who sacrificed the mortal to the dark lord. Adiren seemed to immediately understand that something was wrong, he wrapped his arms around me and held me tight, “we’ll go through it together.” I loved it when he said that, he did not sugar coat things, he was to the point but he always said that we would face it together. I was beginning to understand him well, he was protective, caring and he became dangerous if anyone tried to get close to our family or me. </p>“Alright everyone this is Jacob”, our father announced, introducing the muscular blonde man next to him. “He will be your trainer alright? ” The minute I saw him something came to my mind but flickered away. I swear I have seen him somewhere, but I couldn't remember where it was.  </p>This lesson left a second after the training started, we had to do vigorous physical activity that by the end of it I was exhausted. When I went to sleep that night was peaceful there were no nightmares to haunt me. But I decided to dream about walking just a bit, and she returned to the vision. The man I saw had a familiar voice and size, there was a strange power emitting from his aura. This was the same man as the one I saw in her visions. Why was I seeing him again? There had to be something going on. But I could not figure out what it was. </p>Eva  </p>I was researching some stuff for our homework given previously when I noticed a figure lurking around. I immediately knew who it was, the only person with dark hair “Elysia, what are you doing?” I asked suspiciously, my mind immediately searching for the worst possible way she could have betrayed us. Of course that was rude of me to think but before she came our life was okay, she brought a whole bunch of trouble with her.  Her eyes widened when I broke her out of whatever she was doing. She had a few books around her along with a few pieces of paper and pencils. She was drawing, I realised, but what she was drawing looked weird. I sat down, deciding to take our sisterly relationship up a notch. </p>“Hey,” she whispered, her eyes watching me calculating my moves. I nodded towards the notes she was going through, “what are you going through?” I asked once more. She looked nervous, then replied, “I had a few dream walks before, with visions, I am trying to figure them out.”  I looked at the notes, they were all about the wars that were previously fought between the Crystal realm and the shadow realm. The notes gave information about the different creatures and weapons that were used but she seemed to be searching for something else. The shadow realm was populated by demons, night howlers, moon seekers and all kinds of nasty creatures from the underworld. </p>“You know, I had a vision before dad introduced us, his friend the previous day?” she asked, so quietly I wondered if I had imagined it at first. She was watching me quietly waiting for my reply, so I nodded, “I saw a vision of a man being possessed” she replied. I gasped, usually it was very uncommon for demons to do something like this, but there are places where everyone bends the rules. Elysia was a perfect example but I did not go to tell her that. “What does this have to do here?” I asked, feeling a little lost. </p>Adrien</p>I finished working through my homework and went to the living room. Our parents were nowhere to be seen, but my brother was watching tv in the living room. “Hey! Finished working?” Kaiden asked moving to give space for me to sit. I nodded, “where are the girls?” I wondered aloud. He shrugged, “ I don’t know, I saw Eve around”  I raised an eyebrow, my brother usually did not let his mate wander around unprotected. “Come on, they must be in the library.” we went upstairs, the library door was closed but we could hear soft voices from inside. We slowly opened the door. The girls froze for a minute, then Eva  gave a pained smile, “hey!” She tried to sound cheerful but it did not come out well. “Hello, what are you guys doing?”, I asked, sitting down beside them. “We are doing some research, remember the dream we shared?” I remembered the one about war, so I nodded. “What about it?” I asked brushing a strand of her hair away, she looked nervous, “I told Eva  about it. And we were discussing how dad’s new friend was giving me the creeps.” she was trying to make a joke but protectiveness erupted in me, a low growl rippled out of me. I hated that she was in fear. “So we were going through these notes to find a way to decipher if he was good or bad.” she brought out a book, there was a spell with an image of a human being on a spiral like structure. “What’s this?” But before she could answer, the door to the library opened and Kaiden came in along with our dad, “there you guys are.”  we didn’t get a chance to talk about anything because we had to go for dinner, dad said we were going out today. So I went to my room to get dressed.  </p>We went to the nearby market, “candles, chicken blood, incense and holy water, and a crucifix.” That was strange. We weren't christian to do it with holy water, ‘Why are we doing it christian style?’ I looked at my brother, who shrugged, “maybe Elysia, thought it was better that way.”  We continued down the road until we came across the butcher. We have been here for different requests so it didn’t matter anymore how weird it was, the butcher probably thought we were nuts to the max but he didn’t say boo about it. “Give us some bags of chicken blood please,” I said, dropping some money on the counter. He muttered something under his breath then brought a bag of chicken blood. The pungent smell coated the air, “gross!” Kaiden looked like he was about to puke. “Seriously ? what are we going to do with this ?” he muttered incredulously I shook my head, “let’s just hope the girls know what they are doing.” After collecting the blood, we went to the store to get incense, candles. “how are we going to get holy water and a crucifix?” Kaiden questioned, I thought the answer was obvious. I rolled my eyes, “we visit the town church I guess, but the problem is how are we going to get the priest to give us some holy water and a crucifix? And don’t forget it has to be blessed to work properly on a demon.” We drove off to the closest church, it was a huge white  building like a palace but with pictures of angels and Christ in the windows and the walls. </p>“Looks like this is the place,”  I said,  getting out of the car, we made our way inside. The architecture of the place was incredible but there was no one around to be seen. A sense of safety and calmness surrounded us, “children what can I do for you?” a soft voice echoed from behind us, we froze despite ourselves. An elderly looking priest appeared in the doorway making his way towards us. “Good afternoon father, We would like some holy water for an exorcism ceremony, please.” the father watched us for a minute, “this isn’t a normal exorcism ceremony is it?” I shared a curious glance with Kaiden, how does he know it? Some people are simply weird. “No father,” I did not want to give him any details, what if he was a spy for the dark lord.  He did not ask, but simply left the room, in a few minutes he came back with a glass bottle, “this should be enough. Remember to tell the person who is carrying out the exorcism to be careful, if the identification spell works not only you know who the demon is but he too will know that his identity is revealed.” colour drained out of Kaiden’s face, my heart started pounding against my ribs. No, I could not put my sister and mate in trouble, “we don’t have a choice.” Kaiden squeezed my arm, calming me. “When this is over, I am going to give her a lecture. ”   but I remembered that Elysia said a similar thing to us and we agreed, I had not understood it properly otherwise I would have never let this happen.</p>I sighed, I guess we had to take the risk now. We drove home, tension filling the car. The girls were waiting for us at the porch, “hey, what took you so long?”  a low rumble left Kaiden, “you do know that what we are going to do is very risky, right?” Elysia looked uncomfortable for a minute, “we don’t have a choice, please Adrien, you know what I saw, you have to trust me”.  Her eyes pleading, yes we shared our common terrors but that did not mean that I wanted her to get hurt.  I sighed and pulled her into my arms and held her tightly, “if I lose you, nobody will leave this house alive, I hope you know that.” I whispered buriring my face in the crook of her neck.  </p>She nodded, but there was determination in her eyes, “let’s make sure that all of us come out alive then.” We went upstairs and stopped in front of Jacob's room, where  Elysia had drawn the ancient runic symbols in a circular pattern. Elysia sat down outside the circle, “chicken blood please?” she asked, opening a small bag that she had brought and taking out a thin paint brush. We gave her the blood bag, “here,” Eva  brought a small bowl where we poured the blood into. The pungent smell of the chicken blood filled the air. “Gross! Mom is going to kill us if we don’t clean up after doing this.” Eva  shiverd, as she handed the bowl of blood to Elisia who dipped the paint brush in it and started drawing runic symbols from the blood around the circle . When she was done she started resisting the spell softly over and over until the runic letter glowed in crimson. “The spell is complete, now we must watch until he walks over it, when he does it will reveal his true nature to us.” </p>We told the girls that we will watch and signal when Jacob comes home, they will watch over the place hidden to check the spell's reaction. Either we were impatient or they were late, it seemed like a long time when finally the car came to the garage, “there here!” we signalled then joined them inside the cupboard across the hallway where we all hid watching the revealing spell. Voices came closer along with footsteps, but the strangest thing happened when Jacob crossed through the circle we had made. He changes shifting, all his teeth elongating to create sharper vicious fangs and nails turning into claws, eyes glowing in crimson. Elysia was frozen in fear and the others were tense at the sight of the nightmare demon who had taken residence in our house.</p>Elysia was shaking in fear, as we came out of the cupboard after he left his room. “Look at me!” I commanded wrapping my arms around her and holding her tight against me. “Everything is alright, we are gonna be okay.” I whispered it over and over until she finally relaxed against my hold and took a deep breath. “It’s been a long day, let’s all go get some rest.” Everyone nodded in agreement, I slipped my hand in Elysia’s and walked her to her door. But I also made sure to stop by her door to hold her for a couple of minutes, “be strong princess, whatever happens we will be together okay?”  she nodded and slipped in disappearing into her room. </p>I hated that she was filled in fear, I wanted to crush it but I was helpless. I sighed and went back to my room. What I needed was a warm shower, which was a good idea. The minute I stood under the warm shower my tensed muscles relaxed that the whole day came tumbling down on me. By the time I was done, the water was gone  cold. I changed into PJ’s and texted my mom that I would be skipping dinner tonight. I had no appetite to eat after what I saw so I crawled into bed and buried myself in my soft thick sheets and closed my eyes. I wanted to sleep so badly that I ended up tossing and turning. Finally I gave up on getting some sleep and decided to read some books. Not the king that we normally read in magic lessons but the fantasy king, the ones that humans read for their enjoyment. Right now it was a good distraction.  </p>I was reading for some time when a cold wind blew through my window making the curtains fly and the windows rattle. It made goosebumps ripple through my skin, making me shiver. Something was very wrong about the sudden temperature change. </p>Chapter 13 - Kaiden </p>The temperature of the room suddenly dropped, waking me from my deep sleep. I could hear voices outside my door. I was thinking, maybe I was in a strange dream? But a blood curdling scream made me rush out of the room with my bow and sheath of arrow, “Eva ?” I screamed my mates name for a second, everything was very quiet for a few minutes then, “Kaid!!!” my parents' voices shouted from down stairs. I rushed out halfway and down the staircase, it was all a bloodbath. Our parents and Eva  , along with Adrien where badly injured and chained and holding the other end of the leash was a ferocious beast broken out of what looked like the remaining parts of Jacob’s body. “What the hell?” a dread pooled in me. The beast was made of black smoke with glowing crimson eyes, “where is she!!!!” it screamed after seeing me. I froze looking at my family injured on the floor. Dad shook his head, then whispered in pain, “you will never get your hands on her even if we die today.” </p>The demon paused his temper tantrum for a second then smiled, “I sense her presence in the house and the dark lord will have her.” Before I could get a word out something hit the back of my head making a sharp pain radiate through my body then everything around me went dark. I felt like I was falling into a spiral of darkness. </p>Eva  </p>I watched as my mate collapsed unconscious, “you beast!  you won't get away with this!” I screamed, my lungs burned and hot tears trailed down my cheeks. The bindings on the chain we were tied to only grew tighter, as Jacob jerked it and made us walk, “there is someone waiting for you, I hope he will be satisfied with what I have got.” he muttered under his breath as he pulled us through a nightmare leaper, I knew for a fact that like a dream burle it can help you travel through nightmares, to the shadow realms. It was pitch black, I couldn't even see what was in front of me. And negative energy seemed to be filling it “what’s the matter little bird, feeling dizzy?” Then I felt something sink into the soft skin at the side of my neck. A sharp pain flared, making me whimper in pain. That's when my vision tunnelled and everything went dark.  </p>Jacob </p>I brought the prisoners in front of my master, the dark lord sat in a throne made of pure glass, his shadows drifting and circling closer to him.  Thunder clashed outside the castle and black fire lit the path. I silently met my masters glowing crimson eyes, which was filled with pride. I was happy, I made my master happy and now I will be set free. “Master! I have brought you the warrior family of the crystal realms, they are now under your mercy," I called. His crimson eyes glowed in happiness as he took in each of the prisoners, but then it all dimmed turning pitch black. That’s when I knew I was in trouble, he noticed that the princess was not here. “Where is she!!!” he growled, making the throne room shake as his voice echoed through the castle. “Where is the princess?” I trembled in fear, “she wasn’t there my lord, I could not find her”  the room became pin drop silent. “What! I don't care about the other heirs, I need the princess of shadow and light! ” he screamed and before I knew it a  blade sliced through the air and embedded in the middle of my chest. The whole world stopped, only the dark lord's laughter seemed to be there filling the air. Then my vision tunnelled and I was sucked into an abyss of darkness.  </p>DEMON</p>No! I screamed and screamed trying to command the shadows and nightmare around me, trying to escape from my fate. I realised what I had done, I wasn't a good or powerful demon, just a shadow who can inhibit a mortal body . when the dark lord brought me from imprisonment in the demon towers where less powerful demons are slaves and had told me that he has an important task which would be the key to get me out of this terror I had excepted it inhibiting this man’s body and being a spy giving the dark lord information about the princess  , however I realise now that it was all a game for the dark lord, and now I have paid the price of betrayal. </p>I had fought with this man for control and now I along with him will end taking away from my existence. At least I could get a message to the princess, it was the last thing I could do, hopefully I would gain their forgiveness. </p>Dearest princess; </p>This letter is from the demon inhibiting Jacob .  Jacob Alexander, was long gone when the dark lord commanded me to inhibit his body, a man tortured to death. And I was a demon who was imprisoned in the underground  prisons of the shadow realms. We had to fight with other demons for the dark lord's entertainment. After one such fight where I won, the dark lord came to me with a deal . He said that he would give me back my freedom if I brought your family and you to them. I inhibited this man’s body knowing that he was one of your father’s friends and thinking it would be an advantage when I wanted to get close to you. I didn’t think your father would come to this dreamwalker seeking help, I took the opportunity to get close to you and your family. But then I started to realise how great you all were, however, I had run out of time to do something about it. I knew that my identity was revealed to you by now through the spell you did before. So I was glad  that you know who I really am. I brought your family to the dark lord, there is no telling what he would do to them. Hopefully you can rescue them on time. I have some advice for you. And I hope it will be useful. The dark lord's power is in his glass throne, destroy it and the entire dark realm will lose their magic, the demons will be free and so will your friends. There is no way for you to get help from the crystal realm because it is taken over by darkness as well. The only living realm walkers are you and your family and others hidden, I don't know where they are. But if you can find them, they will surely help you. I wish you the best of luck, one day I hope that you will have the heart to forgive me…</p>—--DEMON—---</p>My magic made the letter disappear, and I finally got peace from this tortured place as I too, faded out along with this man I inhibited. Demons did not have souls, we simply vanished out of existence, I knew the same thing was going to happen to me. I have arrived at the end of my journey, with a smile I went into the darkness welcoming it with open arms. </p>Chapter 14- Elysia </p>The house was pin drop silent, I stayed through the screams I heard from my family because something in me knew that only I could help them and to do that I should wait. I made a dream portal and went to our Arena. I couldn’t fight any demon with PJ’s on, it would be embarrassing. In the Arena I put on a dark t-shirt and jeans with combat boots and bright out my star shatere, the blade was shimmering in sunlight ready for battle. I also made sure to arm myself with a couple of guns with blessed bullets which were deadly against demons. Then as I came downstairs to the place where  I knew my friends last were I noticed something shimmering in the middle of the pool of blood. </p>It was a letter from Jacob, how sarcastic he kidnapped my family and is now sending me letters as well? Fury burned inside me. But it soon turned into pity and hope as I read the part about how to defeat the dark lord. I wanted to hate him but I truly forgive the demon, he had no other choice, he did it to survive. </p>I burnt the letter to ashes to make sure that no one else gets this information or realises that I know anything about it. The dark lord probably has people searching for me already, but I needed a plan to rescue my family. For that I had to figure out how to enter his castle. I concentrated then channelled my powers to enter the shadow realms arming myself with my destroyer powers. </p>The portal opened out to a bare land, it looked like a desert with no inhabitants so far.  But I prepared myself for anything and my rule number 1. Was to never trust anyone who I come across in this realm.  Shadows reeked this place and the pungent smell of the dead coated the air. As I walked forward it became darker and darker and the temperature seemed to drop very low. Shadows moved and growls echoed through the dark caves . my heart was beating a mile per minute, and goosebumps coated my skin. There were demons everywhere I moved through shadows so that I wouldn’t be noticed much. But I did get a few growls from the dark demons who seemed to be aware of my presence but none of them approached me.  </p>That’s when I heard some demons talking about challenges to ask the king favours, I remembered what Jacob’s demon told me, Ihad to destroy the dark lord's throne and for that I had to get into the palace. And to do that I had to participate in the challenges. </p>I used my shadow travelling powers to get me to the palace as fast as it could. The palace really gave me the creeps, when I arrived the guards immediately seemed to know me. And attacked but I was ready         I sliced the star shatere through them while shadow travelling and they dropped dead. But I noticed that more guards were arriving. I knew I was too late, I had no hope. But just then a hand reached out and pulled me through a dream portal. I was pulled through a bright light which made me squint and when I opened them there were around a hundred dream walkers armed and waiting, watching me. </p>I blinked, “your Majesty!” an older female warrior stepped out from the crowd, “We have waited for over a decade for your arrival, where are your warriors aren't they here with you to defeat the dark lord and restore the crystal realms?” I sighed then told the whole crowd everything that had happened to me so far and why I was here, “so I thought of challenging the dark lord and destroying his throne” I ended, nobody said anything for a minute it was pindrop silence. I was wondering if something was wrong but just then everyone cheered and clapped. They were filled with so much hope. “We will help you, your Majesty!” the older female told me, “we will stand together!” Everyone echoed with her and she was escorted to take rest in one of their rooms while everyone prepared weapons and armour. </p>I knew having help was a good idea but my plan was still in action, I had to find a way into the castle. I was lost in thought when the door opened and the older female entered the room. “Hello!” I greeted, “your majesty, my name is Estella jones, may I come talk with you?”she asked, I nodded because I had no other choice. I would get to know her, but I would not put my guard down. She sat down in a chair close to me and told me about how she was the captain of the guard of the crystal realms and how she had been waiting for our arrival. I trusted her, “but I can't stay here for very long, I don't know what is happening to my friends” she watched me for a minute, “I have a plan, I will take you into the palace and you can compete in the games”. “Use this” she gave me a crimson hooded cloak  with gold embroidering, “it will give you invisibility, use it as your advantage, so that you don’t have to compete in the games but can directly go and get the heirs.” I thanked her and jumped out of the window and made my way through the shadows to the castle. </p>Darkness dominated the area, the only way in was the gates but they were too tall to jump over, I had to get in through a different method. I melted into the shadows and waited patiently for the perfect opportunity. It soon came when two demons arrived with a truck full of items, by the looks of it, it was meat. The pungent smell coated the air, “we have brought gifts for our lord!” One demon said, the guard demons inspected the cargo, then told them to move along as a new truck came in. I took the opportunity while the guards were distracted to hide in the already inspected truck. It moved into the courtyard of the castle, I noticed shadows moving about, it looked like the king had eyes everywhere I needed the perfect opportunity to strike.  But I still had to get into the palace, might as well do it the honourable way. I pulled out my Star Shatere and opened the door to a hallway. It was surprisingly quiet, I moved slowly making sure not to make any noise. </p>“Hey!” a voice growled, without thinking I attacked, hitting the demon on its neck and it shattered into ash. My eyes widened, this is why my sword was given that name. But with the demon's death I felt more alive, like there was energy that was fed into the sword. I smiled, though I was not happy that I had killed someone I had some hope in defending myself. I shadow travelled fast until I was in front of a huge pair of doors.  There were voices coming from inside but one voice in particular made me seal my decision. </p>Chapter 15 - Adrien </p>I had heard many stories about the dark lord that ruled the shadow realms and had taken over the crystal realms as well. But I never thought he was a power hungry maniac who sacrificed his own people to get that power. Jacob’s betrayal stung like a hot barb, even dad was too shocked realising that there was a demon inside his friend but now both of them were dead. </p>But why did he spare my mate when he could have easily brought her to the dark king? I felt like some part of the story was untold. But there was nothing to be done, the poor fool had been easy bait. And was now done, but the worst part was our powers were draining, the king's throne seemed to be absorbing it minute by minute. Our parents were already looking pale, sweat coating their skin and breaths coming in pants. Me and my siblings tried to cover them but there was no chance. The dark lord noticed our efforts, “feeling a little weak prince?” he laughed, “you fool, my throne will absorb your power, and when I get the princess, I will take her power as well, then I will be the most powerfulest person in the entire two realms, and there will be no one there to stop me”. His words made dread pull within me, our parents managed to look horrified even though they were white as a sheet and their eyes dimmed by the loss of their power. I tried to get away but the shackles and the cage kept us in our place, unable to move. “Take all our power but let the princess go!” our father called out. I knew that there was hope if Elysia was free. I remembered my soul mate's beautiful face, and how kind she was when she cared for the humans and how smart she was at identifying how our fathers friend was possessed by a demon. Every memory made me long for her. I just wanted to see her one last time, to tell her how much she means to me.</p>I took a deep breath, “let’s all hold hands together and chanell our power, it will hold us up for a little while.”  We held hands and watched as all our magic kept draining away, sucked into the throne. Tears ran down Selena’s eyes, she had become our mother in a way I never expected, “we love you all!” our parents said together, we echoed back. “Aww, saying goodbyes already?” the dark lord cooed. “When you are dead, I will find the little princess, then tear her from limb to limb.” he looked so gleeful, talking about the murder he was going to commit. </p>My stomach doubled but then… </p>Elysia </p>I was about to barge in, when a voice whispered behind me interrupting my task, “princess, I knew you wouldn’t listen.” Estella was here along with all the other dream walkers and night mare destroyers, “how?” I stuttered, I didn't mean to bring them into this. “When you left we shadowed you, we said we would help,  and we kept our word.”  she smiled, “ready?” I nodded, “on three” one two, three! We barged in through the doors, the throne room was beautiful in its own dark way, and the dark king was there along with my family who looked extremely weak. I knew what was absorbing their magic and energy, “we'll clear the path, you go get the throne.” I pulled up my sword and charged, killing the demons who were on my way, some slashed the sharp claws, raking my skin causing blood to rush out through the cut. But with a few quick movements I got through them, I got through them but I knew we wouldn’t last long, but then I noticed something in the corner of my eye. The dark king wanted power which was the key to bring him to the place he was today, it will be his downfall as well. </p>“Everybody stop!!!” I screamed, the dream walkers paused and so did my family. The dark king looked at them trying to get advantage, “stop, we’ll have a deal.” I said as calmly as possible. Now I had his attention, my parents looked horrified, and Adrien was shaking his head, I gave them a sad smile, “power without your family is nothing, to me my family and friends are more important, so we will make a deal, I will give you my power and you will let them go?” my parent’s gasped, “Elysia, you can't,” Eva whispered. I know she doubted my loyalty, I just hope she knew how much I cared for our family. The dark king laughed, “I already have their power, so yes! We have a deal” the chains were cut and my family was free, they rushed over to our side where my new friends surrounded, guarding them. “It’s your turn!!” the dark king's voice boomed, I remembered the demon's advice and what I had noticed before. The throne had so much power it could not hold anymore, crack had appeared in it, it just needed a tiny push. I dropped my sword, “No, princess what are you doing?” Adrien touched my arm, I met his eyes, “I love you all” I whispered to them and dropped the star shatere and let my power pour out of me. The bright light shot out of the throne hitting me in my chest, a sharp pain ran through my body. I could feel my power being sucked out of me, the pain was unbearable, but my eyes remained in the throne now it was full of cracks. Just a little more, I gave my magic a push, and a final crack appeared. That’s when the dark lord realised what was actually happening, I gave him the best smile I could muster, “haven’t your mother taught you, never be too greedy, it could blow up on you.” No sooner had I said it, the throne blasted, filling the room with magic and light. “Noooo!” the dark lord screamed but he was too late. The magic seemed to bathe us vaporising the dark magic, and restoring the demons back to their original form and us too. </p>And the dark lord, he turned into ashes. I smiled, everything was perfect now, everyone was cheering, but suddenly my body seemed exhausted and my vision tunnelled.  I welcomed the darkness with open arms. </p>Epilogue - Elysia </p>There was a beeping noise somewhere, and someone was holding my hand. I opened my eyes, everything was blurry, I waited for my vision to clear and I ended up staring into a pair of  pine green eyes. “Adiren?” I asked,  he smiled, then I was surrounded by the rest of my family, “welcome back, sweetheart,” mom whispered. I smiled looking at them, they were all there, healed. We were safe and the dark lord was defeated. “Are you ready to start new?” Eva asked. When I raised an eyebrow she brought out something, a small necklace with a sun and a moon as a pendant, “welcome to the family!!!” they all said. </p>My smile grew bigger, that it was hurting. I finally found my purpose and a place where I belong with the people I love and who love me back, despite our differences. “Thank you!” I whispered, bathing in their love. It was time to start a new chapter in my life …</p>Acknowledgements Dear reader, I hoped you enjoyed the happy ending of this story. Thank you for reading. </p> [/read]